Alina/support ec expression for is displayed attribute (#3380)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/presentation/Content/ECExpressions.md

Additionally, [User Setting symbols](../Advanced/ECExpressions.md#symbols-in-global-context) are
available as well.

> ## Property Specification `isDisplayed` Attribute
> 
> Property specification `isDisplayed` attribute can be an ECExpression which specifies whether particular property should be present in the result.
> 
> Only [Ruleset variable symbols](../Advanced/ECExpressions.md#ruleset-variables-user-settings)
> are available for this ECExpression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Property overrides

Some [property overrides](./PropertySpecification.md) support ECExpressions to determine the value. Only [Ruleset variable symbols](../Advanced/ECExpressions.md#ruleset-variables-user-settings)
are available in this ECExpression context.
```

The link in `PropertySpecification.md` will need to be adjusted to target this section after the rename.
